Hello and welcome
to my new video
for you yes before some
can mean so much
change a bit want to ask you
What you like to see from me
consists
and i definitely want to join
thank you very interesting
comments with your suggestions
I have written and I have
of course a lot of things taken away and
I just wanted in the video now
briefly tell what I have on this channel
now in the future I will expect
be sure to live this drama live
day make however is of course
take a while
the need a bit
preparation time but you get that
In any case, then always will be from me
come again some wood you have
you have already seen one with unfortunately
not as good quality as I am glad
that I'm the better camera again
So have wood from me from ours
small mixed depending on the very colorful
through the vegetable garden what I stop
to buy
then i will definitely do it for you
Show because it was requested very often
when our children's room is ready
Wedges turn a video about it and you guys
show what it looks like now
I turn a video with outfits for
pregnant
So I will show you what I am
just like that in pregnancy
I have worn that too
very interesting because I am happy
Actually , that's what I'm going to monthly
turn off favorites for you
So colorful vegetables garden I what
eager to have eaten what I like to hear
I did what I liked doing what I did
I liked to read everything that would happen
I like to say once a month
Of course, now they come
first exchange parcel I will
Show you something again and again
in the exchange package was the
that I have to get
just around
yes, still the last
three four weeks to have a pregnancy
then just go around this parent
be for my life and everything for me
busy and I want this one
wedding theme also not drop
there is always something going on somewhere
theme weddings too on this channel
if we go in the direction
any wishes have any one
certain topic wanted to see what
somehow write that into me
comments or as a message or at
facebook
and then I look at times what I was
I can always do as I said for
Other suggestions grateful even if
any day from me
want to see and yes I'm looking forward to
this new time now here on youtube
just take a new direction
I hope you stay loyal and we
See you soon in
my many new videos up to
bye bye